---
title: 1.9.6_1
type: minor
---

This is a small update to address some issues.

### Fixes
* Prevent user from bypassing limits using a race condition by spamming the play command (#1172)
* Fix an issue where using setavatar with no parameters would result in an unhelpful error (#1041)
* Attempt to stream `text/html` content-types when using the play command (#1030)
* Added explicit `type` parameter for `change_presence` calls (#1360)
* Fix an issue where forward slashes when using the play command would return nothing (#649 #757)
* Fix an issue where the skip ratio was not being implemented correctly (#979 #1012)
* README now links to the correct places (#946)
* A typo in the `SaveVideos` config option explanation has been fixed (#1430)

### Changes
* The autoplaylist will now play through each song once before starting again, as opposed to picking randomly from the list. This should resolve issues with it playing the same song regularly (#964)
* The binaries for ffmpeg have been updated to version `20171229-0c78b6a`
* The README has been reworded and updated
* The search command now uses reactions to navigate between results
* The bot no longer supports authenticating via an email/pass login flow. You should create an actual [bot application](https://discordapp.com/developers/applications/me) instead, using the `bot` scope, and provide the bot user's token in the config file. Our [FAQ](https://github.com/Just-Some-Bots/MusicBot/wiki/FAQ) provides steps for this.
* The message printed when connected to Discord displaying the bot's version is instead printed before the connection to Discord for the purpose of future troubleshooting.

### Additions
* New `save` command which will save the current song to the autoplaylist (#215 #88 #1196 #1010 #615)
* The bot can now have a custom "now playing" status using the `StatusMessage` config option
* Added a new sanity check (see below).
* Some files for GitHub (e.g contribution guidelines and issue templates) have been added for consistency.
* The bot's version should be printed as the command window title on some systems (e.g Windows).

----

This version, and future versions of the bot, will require you to use Git to install the bot. This has been done so that people can't download the ZIP file and then complain when the bot doesn't work, or when people say that they followed a YouTube tutorial which is outdated by like a year. Our official guides go through the steps of installing Git, and if you don't bother following them, we're not going to help you.

Trust me, using Git is a lot better idea than downloading a ZIP, as easy as it sounds, because otherwise your process of updating the bot will be made much harder and long-winded. If you've already installed the bot properly, great! You can update easily by [looking at this page](https://github.com/Just-Some-Bots/MusicBot/wiki/Updating).