---
title: 1.9.7
type: major
---

**Spotify URIs**

The bot can now handle Spotify URIs, aka URIs that begin with `spotify:`. This can be used to add an album or playlist from Spotify to the bot, however, as streaming direct from Spotify is against their Terms of Service, the bot tries to find the nearest match for the song(s) on YouTube instead.

**Important:**

* Update scripts have been renamed. Use `python update.py` to run it, or the platform-specific update scripts.
* The restart command has been changed and now works correctly, but will not "hard restart" your entire bot or refresh the configuration.
* If you use the `UseEmbeds` option in the config, embed-style responses will be used for the bot.
* Owners, or those that can instaskip songs, must use `!skip f` to do so.

**Changes:**

* [Docker support](https://hub.docker.com/r/justsomebots/musicbot/) has been fixed.
* Internationalization support.
* Shell script for updating dependencies should use the correct Py version
* Help command should use the correct URL to this repository
* Added continuous integration tests
* blacklist.txt and whitelist.txt are now created when the bot runs
* New config option to write current song to file
* New config option to change autoplaylist order
* Improved how the autoplaylist actually plays, no more dupes three times in a row
* A .netrc will be used with yt*dl if present on the user's machine
* The config file has been reworded and cleaned up
* A new command has been added to enable and disable various options for the bot's session
* Run script for Linux and Mac has been merged
* Shell scripts are now executable by default
* Times printed by the bot that did not have leading zeroes before will now have leading zeroes
* A permission has been added for allowing the person to skip their own songs
* `/watch?=xxx&list=xxx URLs` will now be parsed as playlists
* A command has been added allowing you to remove a song from a position in queue
* The readme has been updated
* Autoplaylists are handled internally on a per-server basis reading from the same file
* Karaoke mode has been added
* An experimental version of equalization has been added to the bot, must be enabled in config
* Users can now be mentioned when using perms command to get their perms
* A command has been added allowing you to force the bot to leave a server
* The bot will now correctly pause itself in a number of circumstances with autopause enabled
* A whitelist has been added for yt-dl extractors/services in the perms file
* A progress bar has been added to the `np` command
